Fixed broken links to our Patch Upgrade doc (#207)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/next/09_resources/03_version-compatibility-reference.md

| Astronomer Platform  | Kubernetes        | Helm | Terraform | Postgres | Astronomer Certified                             | Python       |
|----------------------|------------------|------|-----------|----------|--------------------------------------------------|---------------|
| v0.16                | 1.16, 1.17, 1.18 | 3    | 0.12, 0.13.5      | 9.6+     | 1.10.5, 1.10.7, 1.10.10, 1.10.12, 1.10.14        | 3.6, 3.7, 3.8 |
| v0.23                | 1.16, 1.17, 1.18 | 3    | 0.13.5      | 9.6+     | 1.10.5, 1.10.7, 1.10.10, 1.10.12, 1.10.14, 2.0.0 | 3.6, 3.7, 3.8 |

> > **Note:** Astronomer v0.16.9+ is required to run Astronomer Certified 1.10.12, and Astronomer v0.16.15+ is required to run Astronomer Certified 1.10.14. For instructions on how to upgrade to the latest version of Astronomer, read [Upgrade to Astronomer Enterprise v0.23](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.16/manage-astronomer/upgrade-to-0-23/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Astronomer v0.16.9+ is required to run Astronomer Certified 1.10.12, and Astronomer v0.16.15+ is required to run Astronomer Certified 1.10.14. For instructions on how to upgrade to an Astronomer v0.16 patch version, read [Upgrade to a Patch Version of Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.16/manage-astronomer/upgrade-patch).
```
